- [Tutor] If you do not want to do
automatic locale resolution
you can also do it with interceptors.
When it comes to locale resolvers in Spring MVC
there are many implementations.
A cookie locale resolver, a session locale resolver,
a fixed locale resolver, et cetera,
so when you talk about session locale resolver
it'll use a locale attribute
in the user's HTTP session for a custom setting.
In case of a cookie locale resolver
it is going to use a cookie which will send back
to the user in case of the custom setting.
So in this demo we are going to use a cookie locale resolver
coupled with the locale change interceptor,
which will help us to pass that query param.
So the first step is to add
the cookie locale resolver into our application,
so let's go back to the IDE and grab our application config,
and inside that let's register
the bean for the cookie locale resolver.
So I'm going to say public, locale resolver,
and give it a name,
and let's instantiate the cookie locale resolver.
Let's also set the default locale on it to US locale.
You can pick the locale from Java route UTL, that's the one,
and then we just return the cookie locale resolver.
Also you can, after you set the default locale,
set the name of the cookie the way we did for team two.
So that will be set cookie name,
and let's just call it locale,
and then just let's return
that cookie locale resolver object.
The next step will be to add the locale change interceptor
to intercept that language param passed as a query param,
so let's go back to the R interceptors method on line 86.
Let's come down on line 89
and say registry dot add interceptor,
new locale change interceptor this time.
Now when we worked out the teams demo
we had used a query parameter by the name team,
and that is something that's default
when you register this interceptor.
Similarly, when you have the local change interceptor,
that also comes in with a default query parameter name,
and that is locale, so that's all.
Now the only thing that we have to do
is we have to build and run this application,
and then we will use this query param to pass our locale.
So let's build this and observe the changes.
So the build has gone well.
Let's open a window and say home,
and then say question mark locale equal to SV.
So you see those labels are now displayed in Swedish.
Again, if you pass EN as the locale,
then everything becomes English again.
So if you inspect your browser
and go to your application cookie storage
and you can see that that locale has been set as a cookie,
so it is going to extract this cookie locale
and resolve the locale for you.
Just a couple of points to note,
we have set a default locale,
so if it doesn't find a cookie setting like that
then it'll just fall back to the US locale,
and the other thing is you can also
customize this query parameter name.
For example, you could say locale change interceptor,
and then on this you can actually set the parameter name
to something different if you wish to.
Here in this application we have just gone ahead
with the default one, so I'm not going to do this,
and I'm going to cut these lines off.
So if the cookie is missing it'll pick 34 locale,
otherwise it'll just keep picking up that value
from the cookie that it gets in your browser,
and we have ensured that it is storing the browser
by means of this locale param
that we are sending for every request.
So that interceptor is going to help us
tap that locale value every time
with the user's request and store it,
so then the locale will be resolved
according to that cookie.
Let's open an incognito window
and let's inspect this browser,
and if you look under application
you have nothing under cookies right now.
So if I go ahead and just access the home URL
there is no cookie right now,
so it'll just fall back to the default locale,
and that has already been set to US
in our application configuration.
Now let's say you access it by the query param.
Let's open the locale equal to SV for this request.
So now that cookie is going to be stored
in your browser by the name SV.
So now even if you don't pass the locale
in all the subsequent requests,
it will keep resolving it to Swedish language
because that's the cookie that it is getting.
That's the way it works.
Now let's say you want to go back to the English language,
then you say locale equal to EN,
and now the value of that locale cookie changes again,
so now all subsequent requests
that you hit for the application
will pick up the locale value as EN
and keep displaying everything in English.
So here we can see that the default line setting
that we had in the Chrome browser for the language
has got nothing to do with the locale resolution.
Now the locale is being picked up from this cookie
and result every time for the subsequent requests
that you do for your HPlus application.